# traversing
// The page is composed of pure bootstrap and html.

// The index page has a navbar with only 3 links so far all with different colors and set with a bootstrap bolder text sizing and with an embeded h1 tag in the navbar as well as a pill look for the links or tabs, with the color of info from bootstrap which gives of a teal like color. It includes my name on the left with a column spanning 4.5 on the length, and the following links to my other pages. The About page, The Portfolio page and the Contact page. The main content of the page is labeled as a card to give a rounded look on the borders as well to give a fluid look on the content. It has an h1 tag with the danger color text from bootstrap for a red appearance. It also has a background color from bootstrap of secondary which has a gray color. inside the card body i've put an image which is paired with some text to the right with break text and justify to center it and as the page increases or decreases would adjust the text accordingly with the size. The footer is then accompanied with its row and a background color of bg warning which gives off a yellow color. 

// The portfolio page is the same with the nav as the index page and it's the same with the contact page as well just to clarify. However now the page has a h1 tag with portfolio with a text color of text- success in bootstrap which gives a green color and underneath images labeled as figures with captions underneath that to provide additional info for now it would remain the same for all images since there all the same thus receiving the same caption. The footer remains the same throughout all the pages as well.

// The contact page also has a card for the main content, its h1 tag for the content name has text color of secondary which gives it a gray color and underneath it is a form which at the moment doesnt collect any information but allows to type in the corresponding info. your name and email address is what the labels are calling for and a message box if you wish to add and additional information or comments followed by submit button with a dark background. 